Add instructions for taking screenshots (#613)
x-govuk/govuk-services: README.md

npm install
npm start
```

## How to add or update screenshots

Screenshots for service landing or home pages can be added automatically by running a script.

First, you need to have the latest version of [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) installed.

> To tell the script where the Google Chrome executable is installed on your computer, add the full path to a file named `.env` (in the same folder as this README file), using this
> named environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To tell the script where the Google Chrome executable is located on your computer, create a file named `.env` (in the same folder as this `README.md` file) and add this named environment variable:
```

Clearer distinction between adding the `.env` file and adding the variable. Also include content on one line so easier to diff.

`GOOGLE_CHROME_PATH=""`

For example, on a Mac, this may be something like this:

`GOOGLE_CHROME_PATH="/Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome"`

Once this is set up, you can run the script to add the screenshots using this command:

`npm run screenshots register-to-vote`

Substitute `register-to-vote` with the name of the file for the service you want to screenshot.

> You can also update all the screenshots (which will take a while) by running this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also update all the screenshots (which will take a while) by running this command:
```

`npm run screenshots all`

> Screenshots will be saved in the `app/assets/images/service-screenshots` folder, using the same name as the json file
> within `app/services`. Images are all 2160x2160 pixels (1080x1080 at 2x resolution), and will be rendered with no cookies
> set (and so will include any cookie banner).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screenshots will be saved in the `app/assets/images/service-screenshots` folder, using the same name as the json file within `app/services`. Images are all 2160x2160 pixels (1080x1080 at 2× resolution), and will be rendered with no cookies set (so will include any cookie banner).
```

npm install
npm start
```

## How to add or update screenshots

> Screenshots of services (the first page) can be added automatically by running a script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screenshots for service landing or home pages can be added automatically by running a script.
```

Not sure if any better, but removes brackets and odd phrasing.

First, you need to have the latest version of [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) installed.

> You then need to tell the script exactly where this is installed on your computer. Add the full path to the
> Google Chrome executable by adding it to a file named `.env` (in the same folder as this README file), using this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To tell the script where the Google Chrome executable is installed on your computer, add the full path to a file named `.env` (in the same folder as this README file), using this
```

(Doing this on my phone, which is proving difficult.)
